Beyond that (which is something I can deal with) our waiter was extremely rude throughout the dining experience.
Not impressed at all from service, cleanliness and tasteless over cooked food.
Bad service.
Server never checked if our meal was ok or even get drink refills.
Will never go back.
I ordered a variety of seafood, some of which was overcooked, some undercooked.
I had always heard about the No Name for years and now I understand why I had never been there.
The portions were so incredibly small, some overcooked and flavorless and the broiled shrimp was raw.
The fried oysters, clams, fish, scallops, and shrimp are made with identical batter and cooked in the same flavorless oil as the french fries.
The service is really friendly.
Literally, the only non-terrible part of my meal here was the french fries (and there was nothing particularly special about them) and the club soda I had as my beverage.
I've never done that before in any restaurant.
The worst place ever.
We told the waiter and they replaced it with another expired ones.
Horrible service.
Absolutely disgusting.
Will never go back If I could give it a negative I would.
Lobster was just so so and salad were terrible!
Perhaps once in its glory days did it have amazing service, amazing food, and amazing vibes.
Lobster was horribly overcooked and had more rubber than a Trojan.
We were so disappointed that we would never go there or recommend to anyone though it has a big name or reputation as it is on some of tourists maps.
No service.
Coleslaw was flavorless.
Our waiter also didn't even say a word each time we thanked him, so it was really awkward.
The service was not good at all our waitress to forever to come over to take orders and we only saw her at the beginning and end of our .
Although the service was quick and friendly, and we got seated quickly, the food was just below our standards.
The waitress that served me forgot about my table for most of the time that I was there, and I had to ask another waiter to bring the bill after waiting for her for quite a while.
The waiter and service was great but the food, all 4 dinners we had, were not good at all.
They were either flavorless or over salted.
After telling the waiter we didn't want anything fried, or cooking in heavy butter, I got the 1 1/2 lbs steamed lobster with green beans, coleslaw and a small dish of breaded and fried shrimp and small scallops.
So we are about five minutes into this waiting game and the waitress taking the order at the table next to us turns around, plops the menus on our table (didn't even provide enough for everyone at the table), never says a word and walks off.
As soon as we stood up, the person (I assume she was our waitress but she never introduced herself so I can't be certain) who plopped those menus on the table comes around the corner with drinks in her hand for another table and looks at us in shock.
Thanks to LTK around the corner for providing awesome customer service.
Terrible service, terrible prices, dirty shrimp, shells in your lobster.
Food and service was terrible.
I would not recommend this place even to my worst enemy.
Not sure it was even fresh because it was sooo overcooked \u0026 lacked in flavor.
Special calamari app was rubbery and flavorless.
Steven got the broiled lobster scallops and shrimp- again flavorless and no real butter used.
Most expensive worst meal ever.
Service also was poor.
The seafood chowder is bland and flavorless.
Not to mention terrible service.
I can't even begin to describe how terrible it was.
They are riding their 1998 Best of Boston and location and we would never go back.
The service was C.
We were never told the specials.
Wow this was so bad- yup cheaper than legal across the way but there's a reason -paid for steamed lobster -shrunken and overcooked- deep fried scallop and shrimp- like frozen microwave something-bummer cuz I came out from California just for the lobstuh and to see my amazing cousin.
Don't even get\nMe going about the service and o my god the wine:-( My wife and I went today for the first time in 35 years and I am inspired to write the 1st restaurant review of my life.
The service was as bad as the food.
This has to be hands down the worst seafood I have ever had.
All 4 meals were barely touched and the waiter never even bothered asking.
There is really not much to say - extremely poor quality of fried foods.
The crabcakes had a terrible taste in oil soaked.
The service was nonexistent.
We do recommendations were poor.
The floors were so sticky, the food had hair in it, service was spotty, the tables had never been cleaned.
It was one of the worst things I've ever had.
I've had better at ruby tuesdays This was such a poor excuse for a seafood restaurant in Boston- or anywhere on the map for that matter!
The service was quite odd as it seemed that the server who was in the section we initially requested (water view) insisted that it was too cold for us to sit on the patio, which is still inside and heated.
My aunt said to the waiter that the food tasted like poison (yes she's dramatic); then the server's response was \"no it's not poison because you can't serve poison at a restaurant.
Then proceeded to tell the waiter with his hand in the air \"just don't give them a bill\" then just walked away shaking his head.
So he got a $12 despite his odd \"service\" of insulting us when we asked was the food fresh by pointing out the window toward the water and asked \"come on, are you really asking me if the seafood is fresh?
It's only been in my imagination for an experience like this but the setting, service and quality of food has me wishing I could take it all back.
While you're eating terrible, flavorless food with an inch of soggy vile breading, you can smell mildew and rot.
The food was terrible.
This place is on our NO, never again list!
Staff friendly but FRIED seafood platter was the worst I've ever had.
I can say, without much hesitation, that I probably will never return.
Also, my co-worker remarked (and I totally agree) that they were \"the worst french fries I've ever had in my life.
We were charged incorrectly for two drinks, when I actually had water, but I didn't bother with telling the waiter because I wasn't sure when we would see him again and some of us can't take 2 hour lunchbreaks.
Sorry No Name, this was a my worst lunch experience in quite some time.
This restaurant was the worst I have been too in Boston.
Their service was horrible.
The service was poor, waiters/waitresses not seeming to care about putting in any effort.
We asked one waiter about his recommendations and he said he doesn't eat seafood!
Took my friend from out of town to experience New England seafood, but it was terrible!
All in all one of the worst food experiences for me in Boston.
Will never go back.
Absolutely terrible beer selection, no liquors, greasy menus and lousy service.
Very poor.
Stale bread \nTerrible and rude service\nWas served food that wasn't ordered \nAfter that had to pay for the food not even ordered or eaten\nExtremely overpriced \n\n\nDoesn't even deserve one star Sadly this place was a big disappointment.
I won't' say the lobster was \"horrible\", but it was definitely overcooked and nothing to rave about.
The calamari was disgusting.
Let me break it down:\n\nMinimal customer service:\n-No organization when trying to be seated\n-Never asked us if we needed anything else until the end\n\nFood:\n-Overpriced for food that is VERY overcooked.
It just was not fresh, very oily , flavorless and over cooked.
My wife got the swordfish and it was tough and flavorless too.
Another friend got the Salon and it was flavorless.
Another friend got the mussels  and it was flavorless.
It looks like the No Name Restaurant has taken a turn for the worst over the last year and has lost us forever as future customers.
This has been our worst Restaurant experience over the past year!
Terrible food I will never go back.
As we got up to leave he promptly started talking to one of the other waiters in a foreign language repeatedly looking at us, One could assume they were talking about how beautiful polite we were but I highly doubt that.
Price is cheap, but service is bad.
Even though we come with bus tour doesn't mean we don't deserve any customer service.
Guests put up with bad service and minimal decor for inexpensive fresh seafood!
Clams were terrible tasting ( I actually felt sick)!
This is the worst seafood restaurant I've ever been to.
I'll never go there again and I'll never again recommend it to anyone.
Now it's too easy to find and the food is terrible.
Dinner came with a coleslaw that was also flavorless.
Saw the waiter grab three water glasses with his fingers in the water.
The lobster roll I got was terrible!
Between the flies buzzing all over, the tired waiter in the filthy apron and the overall general stickiness of the place I am surprised the health inspectors haven't shut this place down.
The food was poor at best.
I had low expectations on service but high hopes for food.
Just had the worst meal on our vacation.
Not only was the service horrible, but the food was worse.
This place was terrible!
The fried seafood plate was horribly cooked and the service was like it was non existent.
I found it quite pricey for one of the worst restaurants I have experienced.
First the service was very poor, waiter/waitress was not very professional.
I am one of those who can never bring myself to complain at a restaurant no matter how bad things are, so I asked for boxes to take our left overs with us.
He used to work in the Boston area and said he used to go to a place called \"No Name\" for good seafood whenever he was in town.
It was hard to figure out what was what on the plate; the scallops looked like peas, the oysters were just gross, the waiter brought over complimentary fried clams because we thought they were part of the dish, they looked like something from fear factor, with the crappiest fried breading, I honestly can't believe people actually eat this!
The positives, the water was ok, the shrimp cocktail was ok, the french fries were ok, I had one beer and was never asked if I wanted another which I would of loved, to forget about my meal!
I don't like 1 star reviews  as there are many aspects , staff was friendly, service Was great quick, portions large food was fresh, though not a fan of fried.
We walked in to an outdated place and sorta greeted by a slumping waiter telling us to sit anywhere.
Lazy and flavorless.
You expect a tip for basically no service?
Terrible service with a lazy old waitress that makes me want to sock this senior that should have retired ages ago.
Food is poor.
Ordered the cod  and it was probably the worst I have ever tasted.
The waiter said that we had the last two pieces of the bread for the entire restaurant.
Our waiter was rude, rushing us, and was annoyed when we requested condiments or asked clarifying questions.
For the price, we expected the food and the service to be  better.
Three of us had a meal :\n- Broiled Schrod  way overcooked\n - Lobster was overcooked (steamed) \n - leather like Italian bread server with butter ( bread was tough )\n - Watery chowder\n-  Calamari  ( fried - greasy and tasteless ) \n - Cold lobster salad was okay.
Our table was dirty (globs of seafood sauce) when we were seated and was never cleaned.
I was looking forward to the halibut steak I ordered, but it arrived extremely overcooked and had a very bad consistency.
The waiter was very friendly, but this could not make up for the poor food quality.
The service.
Although not fancy our waiter was attentive, easy going, and took care of all our requests.
Somehow, the fried seafood platter is flavorless.
I have never had fried oysters, shrimp, fish with almost no flavor.
We were both disgusted and my friend never got his wine.
This time I ordered, at a kind and fun waiter's suggestion, a broiled seafood platter.
The salmon was tough on top, the scrod was way overlooked, and the tuna was so overcooked that it looked like something that should've been made into tuna sandwiches for a school cafeteria.
The star is for the beer and the waiter.
Not impressed by the food or the service.
Only thing worse than the food was the staff - both disgusting.
Service was also unfortunately terrible.
To my dismay, everything was terrible.
I recently went with a friend and it was truly disgusting.
This place is so bad and so poorly run that they now just cater to the senior citizen bus trips to Boston.
This establishment is beyond tired and needs a makeover in the worst way.
Except, the clams were  overcooked and not edible.
Not even going to mention the service.
Undercooked shrimp (they were cold), awful chowder and asshole waiters.
They were flavorless, crispy and rubbery.
Everything was disgusting and we left there still hungry and had to go to another restaurant to eat.
The one saving grace was when we told our waiter when we left that everything was so over cooked that we wouldn't feed it to our cat, he took one of the entrees off our bill.
Host out front was a weirdo, service sucked, chowder meh.
Cons: terrible draft beer selection, the wine tasted as if it was a week old, the servers were not attentive even though the place was empty, the bread was stale, the food was disgusting (greasy, way over cooked, not seasoned well).
The food was decent but the waiter was hard to understand basically he was mumbling while a guy sat next to us (another waiter) and yelled at the tv.
One of the worst service at a meal I've ever had and I have said nothing but good things about no names for years.
This place was disgusting.
The service left something to be desired.
The fried clams were flavorless.
The food was terrible and the waitress broke a full glass of beer, covering one person at our table in beer and glass shards.
This is the worst dining experience I can remember having.
The fourth person for the broiled seafood platter and said it was ok but the salmon was very overcooked.
The worst part?
The fish was all overcooked and dry.
I found the food terrible but perhaps it would be just below adequate for a tourist from some part of the world or country that doesn't specialize in seafood like Oklahoma.
The waiter gave me a bit of a hard time about substituting it for something else.
I have never had to dip salmon in ketchup before.
I can't count how many times I have been to Legals or Skipjacks and have never been disappointing with their fish or encountered rude waiters.
I would never go here again.
It was absolutely disgusting.
Others ordered salmon, which was just as dried out as the swordfish, fishy, and just disgusting.
I sincerely hope that the company putting on the event did not have to pay for this horrific service.
Here's why: \n\nThis is one of those places that some people like (mostly locals) _because_ of how terrible it is.
It's someplace they used to go to as kids and they associate their good childhood memories with the place - somehow ignoring how disgusting it is.
Beware of sub par service if you go!
They were also a bit overcooked, leaving you chewing for quite some time.
Everything I had here was terrible.
The waiter forgot our beverages and chowder, we got our meals first.
The seafood chowder was inedible flavorless mush.
The waiter didn't even seem to notice or care that it wasn't eaten.
After we had rubbery scrods, overly cooked seafood platters, bad seafood chowders with obviously not-so-fresh ingredients, bland fried calamari, we vowed to ourselves that we'll never return to this place again.
Such a shame that the quality has gone so far down hill and they rush you with \"fast food\" table service just to turn table.
Used to have great food and service and was a memorable experience.
I am a local who never tried No Name, but heard great things about it over the years.
We each had clam rolls with chewy, stringy clam bellies with mystery cole slaw, and the tartar sauce was all relish and terrible.
This was absolutely the worst seafood dinner I have ever had.
Fried calamari: Rubbery, tasteless, disgusting.
Tartar sauce with relish: disgusting.
The food was poor to terrible and the service was off the charts bad.
Our waiter was so rude, and so pointedly so, I almost stood up to hit him.
Bad food, horrifically bad service.
Sword, Salmon, and shrimp overcooked.
My broiled seafood platter was just barely OK, served on a tin plate , the swordfish was oily and overcooked , tough and dry.
The waiter was brusque and never came back to check.
Altogether one of the worst \"dining\" experiences I've ever had.
Would never go back.
Rude service.
Because no lie, this was the absolute worst dining experience I've ever been expected to pay for.
The small ~1lb Lobster costs $28 dollars and it was rotten, we asked the waiter to change, he immediately replaced it with a freshly steamed lobster without a question - which made me think it probably has happened several times before.
The crab cake was so salty I could not finish it, I complained to waiter, he just said \"I'm sorry\".
The service was good but the food was horrible!
This was probably the worst meal I have ever had.
I ordered a hamburger, and it was freezer-burnt and disgusting.
Chowder was good, service was ok, entertaining if nothing else.
The meal was about, if not the worst fish I've ever had in Boston.
Just terrible.
The service gets a 1.
Overall I would not recommend this restaurant F'ing god damn terrible!
The seafood was terrible, obviously frozen and not fresh.
As a bonus to bad food the waiter spilled two drinks on our table.
Our waiter barely spoke English and was just as difficult to understand him and to re-up on my Blue Moons.
Blech, I'll never go back.
I'd never suggest this restaurant for those who's looking for good lobsters.
I began working in close proximity to this culinary / food service horror show about two years ago give or take.
The food was terrible.
The waiter was not much to be desired.
It was the worst lobster I have ever eaten.
The waiter had to replace my plate due to the water that came from inside the lobster.
Our waiter never inquired how are food was, he just cleared our plates.
I overheard the people at the next table order the same lobster meal and I had to advise him of our poor quality.
Used to the minimal service, crappy bread and shabby dining room part of the culture.
They say never go to a seafood restaurant on a Monday but with this poor quality its part of the fabric of No Name now.
The decor seems to be stuck in the 1970s - heavy, dark, and in places badly scratched up wood, dusty looking drop ceiling, and poorly adjusted lighting that obscures the harbor view at night.
Oh no, wait, that's just the disgusting tarter sauce that the waiter from No Name Restaurant just slapped on my plate.
I'll let the poor souls who want to roll the dice and give this place a try learn for themselves the hard way:\n\n1) The best clams in the world are floating in your harbors, so why the hell aren't they on my plate?
There were 22 waiters sitting/ creeping around in ugly yellow shirts but my friend still couldn't seem to get his plate on time or a refill for our drinks.
No lie- was willing to do anything to get that disgusting sea-crud out of my body as fast as possible.
I may never eat Seafood again.
Now Boston is notorious for not knowing what to do with seafood, but this place went the extra flavorless mile.
The seafood platter or plate were both bland and terrible.
Today my mom me and my baby sister came to restaurant No  Name  everything looked good so we spilt everything we got fried fish plate and then we got chicken fingers I give one to my sister that is 2 and got one for my self I bit into it and the chicken was raw in the inside of it my mom told the boss and he did not care one bit he didn't even say sorry  this is a place that I will never think of going back to No Name, I somewhat enjoyed your broiled lobster platter, even though the lobster pieces were chewy.
Born and raised in Boston, never been here.
I won't break it down since everything was terrible.
The food was average and the service sketchy.
Our waitress was great, I never send my food back, but I could not eat it!
This is seriously the worst seafood meal I have ever had!
I don't care about the no frills but the food was disgusting - almost not edible.
It was chewy and not fresh - either it was overcooked or had been cooked earlier and reheated.
When the waiter asked us how it was and we said the lobster wasn't very good he brought over the manager who was flat out nasty.
He told us that that was how it was supposed to be and acted like we never had seafood before.
And pray to whatever god(s) you believe in that there is never a fire in this place because someone WILL get trampled on or bust their head open trying to go through that dangerously narrow stairway up to the dining area.
The entrees were bland and completely overcooked, except the fries which were cold.
Lobster was overcooked and chewy.
Otherwise, worst food, service and wine list on the planet.
This was the worst restaurant I have eaten at in a long, long time.
How about the fact that our server seemed more content to be strafing the restaurant with an automatic weapon than actually performing any sort of food service at this place.
But in all honesty, I don't think I could have gotten worse service.
Well, aside from the service, I was hoping that the food would more than make up for it.
My Mom had a clam sandwich that even she didn't eat much of (this, coming from a woman who always said we should never, ever waste food).
Suffice to say that although my brother and I are all grown up and can handle a insufficient meal, the discussion did turn quite lively about how poor this place was.
Service was terrible, food was dry and I can't believe they call that tartar sauce.
Our waiter was efficient and the beers were cold and arrived quickly.
Will never go back.
The worst was the chowder-- which, from what I could tell, was more accurately a fish slurry.
No hint of cream, no potato, no real flavor, just a mess of overcooked fish that had flaked in the liquid.
The service non-existent.
It was terrible at any price.
It was terrible.
I just recently went there with some out of town friends and has the worst meal.
Plus the waiter was really rude and we felt like we were being a burden to him   He also messed up my order at first and gave me the fried shrimp as well and tried to argue it out with my friends instead of saying I'm sorry and taking it back.
Overall, bad service and bland food.
I would not recommend this place and would never return.
We were quickly seated by our waiter that was rude and not skilled at being a waiter.
The chowdah was cold and not particularly tasty, and the texture of the overcooked lobstah and clams resembled that of a 10-ply Firestone radial.
The steak was possible the worst I ever allowed into my body; I would never order that again.
In general terrible quality food.
The food is not terribly cheap, tastes terrible and the place is a little run down so I dont know what the attraction is.
I live  near No Name in the Seapoort Area.
A NIGHTMARE\nAFTER we sat  for 2 minutes, a waiter CAME UP and ASKED  .
I was expecting low-maintenance/low-quality service and atmosphere going into this.
I don't mind using paper plates or cups, and as long as the waiter doesn't spit in my food and actually brings me what I ordered, I'm typically cool with that.
Now, I realize after reading other postings here that some people mistake the lackluster appearance and service for the authenticity of an old, waterfront Boston seafood shack.
Though, this place is really just a dive-beyong-dives, and I'd like to think the only reasons it still manages to exist are (1) the owners must own the building outright and not have to worry about making rent, and (2) the business that poor, unaware tourists bring in.
The cole slaw was disgusting.
Now comes the worst part: on the bottom of my plate in contact with 25% of my seafood is tartar sauce.
The fish was not tasty and the shrimp was overcooked.
The waiters were OK but not professional and never asked how things were.
I would never go there again.
Anyway, the atmosphere and service were no frills, to be sure, but we were there for the food anyway.
Don't even ask about the service - that was just as bad.
